翻译动画系统 (#1722)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/animation/animation-clip.md

### Modifying key frame data

> On the __timeline__ **double-click** the __key frame__ that needs to be modified. The __time cursor__ will move to that position. You can also directly drag the __time cursor__ to the corresponding position, and modify the corresponding properties directly in the **Inspector** panel. Make sure the **Animation** panel is in __edit mode__. For example, there are three property tracks in the property list: *position*, *scale*, and *rotation*. After the __key frame__ is selected, you can modify the *position*, *scale*, and *rotation* properties in the **Inspector** panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the __timeline__ **double-click** the __keyframe__ that needs to be modified. The __time cursor__ will move to that position. Also, it can be directly added by drag the __time cursor__ to the corresponding position, and modify the corresponding properties directly in the **Inspector** panel. Make sure the **Animation** panel is in __edit mode__. For example, there are three property tracks in the property list: **position**, **scale**, and **rotation**. After the __key frame__ is selected, the **position**, **scale**, and **rotation** properties can be modified in the **Inspector** panel.
```
